Yee-Haw!

This is an open source 1.4.4 mod that adds a few random things, none of which are even cowboy related at all...

- New armor and gear made from the new Neptunium Ore, found uncommonly underground!
- New Town NPC and special currencies! (Get 5 platinum coins to unlock him!)
- Triangular Slimes are an easier way to get Pink Gel!
- An assortment of fun weapons and doohickeys!
- Probably some more stuff I don't remember :|


CHANGELOG

v0.3.3.1

- Icon update :)

v0.3.3

- Now compatible with the current tModLoader build
- Adjusted some recipes
- Adjusted Supplier shop

v0.3.2

I actually don't remember what I changed here but apparently this is the version the Steam Workshop has

v0.3.1

New NPC
- The Supplier
Hopefully he can be polished as time goes on. Illegal and sketchy offers are in his shop. Create Trade Tokens out of Silver Coins and Demonite/Crimtane Bars at an Anvil to trade with him. You can upgrade Trade Tokens to Super Trade Tokens with Hallowed Bars and a Mythril Anvil.

Also updated the icon

v0.3.0

Additions:

Neptunium Armor
- Helmet - 10 Neptunium rods + Molten Helmet
- Breastplate - 15 Neptunium rods + Molten Breastplate
- Greaves - 12 Neptunium rods + Molten Greaves
Wearing any of the pieces without wearing all three at the same time will inflict the Radiated debuff (the same debuff that's inflicted when holding Neptunium tools)
The set bonus grants immunity to the Radiated debuff.

Neptunium Arrow (100 Arrows + 1 Neptunium rod) and the "Silver Spinner" Yoyo (Wooden Yoyo + 9 rods) - Both can inflict the Radiated debuff on a target

Extendo Hand - Slap Hand + Extendo Grip, it's like the Slap Hand but bigger
Motorpuncher - Chlorophyte Jackhammer + Mechanical Glove, it's like the Slap Hand but operates like a Jackhammer
Lunar Manipulator - 20 of every Lunar Event fragment + 10 Luminite Bar + 1 Ancient Manipulator. Left click to cycle moon phases, right click to cycle moon styles.

/timeset command, a simple test command that allows you to set the time to dawn/noon/dusk/midnight outside of Journey mode

Adjusted Terra Toilet Pickaxe and Royal Bow's sprites
Slightly nerfed Neptunium Sword's damage, buffed its knockback
Significantly buffed the Sword of Profit's money drop increase, significantly reduced damage
Fixed some price values on some items


v0.2.0

Neptunium has been added to this mod.

Neptunium Ore - Generates Underground
Neptunium Rod - 4 ore at a Hellforge = this

Neptunium Pickaxe - Molten Pick + 12 rods, faster than Molten and +2 range, at the cost of lowering your defense when holding this. Struck enemies will have their defense lowered.
Neptunium Hamaxe - Molten Hamaxe + 10 rods, same thing as above.
Neptunium Longblade - Fiery Greatsword + 12 rods + 1 Ruby, struck enemies will have their defense lowered, but your defense will again be lowered when holding this.

IED now takes one Neptunium Rod to craft in addition to its previous recipe.

Adjusted some other stuff for existing items.


v0.1.0

Sword of Profit - Applies the Midas debuff on contact (enemies drop more coins on death)
Royal Bow - Autoshooting post-EOC bow
Terra Toilet Pickaxe - Exactly what you think it is
IED - Plays the Arabic Nokia tune before exploding a huge radius (nerfed from the 1.3 version, explosion is much smaller)
Wooden Gun - Uses Wooden Bullets, craftable immediately after starting a new world.


Triangular Slime - A slime variant found in the overworld.